In paper [4] K.M. Rahman disscussed about the types of E-commerce . Commonly there are 4 types of E-commerce and they are B2B , B2C , C2C and C2B. It also presents the summary of all research between e-commerce , web design and culture . Here we can also find more summaries related to e-commerce web design and narrative review. From this research we learn about 
Literature Exploration Scopes and Literature Filtering Method. It also provides us with better understanding of 
Research Synthesis
And New Significant Findings. We got brief knowledge about  narrative review, descriptive review,Vote counting and Meta-analysis. This research throws light on  issue that we should keep in mind while designing an e-commerce website .


In paper [] Nazmun Nessa Moon , Shaheena Sultana, Fernaz Narin Nur
& Mohd Saifuzzaman disscussed briefly about e -commerce also known as search engine marketing , its current and future scenario and literature survey. This research explains us the E - marketing strategy with a very good diagram thus making it easy to understand . It helps us to know both advantages and disadvantages of e -commerce . We also get to know the challenges and limitations of e -commerce . It also explain different types of E-commerce and provide us top motivation factor . All these knowledge helped us alot in our Website .


In paper [] Stanley Frederick W.T. Lim, Xin Jin and Jagjit Singh Srai gave us an idea about last mile delivery which is convenient and flexible . This is a very good option for fast Delivery or emergency delivery . This research discussed about the development of experimental LML which is last-mile logistics. We also learned about the execution of four main steps like planning, searching, screening, and extraction/synthesis/reporting. This research paper shows the development of  LML design framework . We get to know about the relationship between LML structural and contingency variables and Reformulation from science-mode into design-mode knowledge.

In paper [] Madhurima Khosla1
, Harish Kumar2 explained about the growth of e -commerce in india . They define e-commerce as an exchange of goods and services through an electronic medium . It gives an overview of entire process which is involved in e -commerce from start to end . It defines different categories of e -commerce along with example. They also disscussed about the  futuristic trends in the growth of E-commerce which are Omnichannels , Niche Businesses , Mergers & Acquisitions, Focus on Services , Internet Marketing ,Tapping Rural Markets ,Better Infrastructure and Rise in the share of Digital Payments. This research shows us the evolution of e-commerce in India.



In paper[5] Constantin SASU and Daniela ICHIM compared THE THEORY OF PLANNED 
BEHAVIOUR (TPB) and Fishbein’s . He also disscussed about THE DECOMPOSED THEORY OF PLANNED BEHAVIOUR (DTPB) in brief . The DTPB has same advantage as TAM that  identifies
specific salient beliefs . The aspect of the behavioural 
intention and the actual behaviour is also included . In initial version of Theory the author stated that perceived behavioural control element was 
constructed based on two factors which are  the self-
efficacy and the facilitating conditions. The author of the research also discussed about the technology acceptance model (TAM).





K.M. Rahman1, "A Narrative Literature Review and E-Commerce 
Website Research", EAI .EU , 
vol. 5, 2018 .

Nazmun Nessa Moon , Shaheena Sultana, Fernaz Narin Nur
& Mohd Saifuzzaman, "
A Literature Review of the Trend of Electronic Commerce in 
Bangladesh Perspective" , Global Journal of Management and Business Research: B
Economics and Commerce, vol.17 , Issue 3 Version 1.0 , 2017.

Stanley Frederick W.T. Lim, Xin Jin and Jagjit Singh Srai, "Consumer-driven e-commerce", International Journal of Physical
Distribution & Logistics
Management
Vol. 48 No. 3, pp. 308-332, 2018.

Madhurima Khosla1
, Harish Kumar2 , " Growth of E-commerce in India: An Analytical Review of Literature" , IOSR Journal of Business and Management (IOSR-JBM) , vol.19, issue 6 ,  PP 91-95, 2017.


Alexandru Ioan Cuza , " UNDERSTANDING E-COMMERCE 
ADOPTION. LITERATURE REVIEW 
OF COMPETING MODELS " , SEA - Practical Application of Science
Volume V, Issue 13 (1 / 2017).





